hey guys mini wargamer Mike here from
mini wargaming calm today I'm going to
talk about something that's actually
kind of personal it's got nothing to do
with mini wargaming really we're not
going to talk about green stuff or
conversions or paint or terrain or
apocalypse what I want to talk about is
Big Brothers Big Sisters this is a
charity all over North America that
tries to pair up kids who really need a
good mentor with an adult or an older
person who just can be a good influence
on their life and this is a charity that
every year I do fundraising for through
what's called the Tim Hortons bowl for
kids sake so what I do is I raise
pledges I go bowl a really good game
sometimes some of their bowl terrible
game my sister you know where as dark
elf Alura on our forums she ships you
your packages and handles all your
customer service she helps me out with
this as well actually it's more I help
her with this and what we do is we
raised a good amount of money every year
and this and this goes straight to Big
Brothers Big Sisters of Niagara and
pears up children our area with mentors
that can just really help them be have a
positive influence in their life now
many wargaming is going to help me out
this year and they're going to help you
02 so here's what I want to do I'm going
to put to the bottom right of this video
over here you'll find a link that will
let you donate money to either myself or
to dark elf Elora and basically become a
sponsor for one of the two of us it's
going to randomly take you to one of the
two of us and any time you donate money
you're going to be entered into a draw
for a ten dollar gift stiff get too many
or gaming but it's not just one draw
we're going to do one draw every
wednesday from now until march 11th so
if you donate now you have six chances
to win ten dollars now one other thing
is if you're a Canadian and you donate
fifteen dollars or more you also will
get a tax receipt for your donation
here's what you need to do if you want
to get into the ten-dollar draw click
the link right here and then donate to
either myself or Trish you'll get
randomly one of the two of us and donate
either randomly to myself my cousins or
too dark elf Elora Trish cousins once
you've donated send an email to support
at mini wargaming calm with your name
and the amount you donated so we can
tell who's you on the list and once
every Wednesday we're going to go
through those names and randomly pick
one and you're going to get ten bucks
just for helping out a kid so you get to
feel good you might get some free
warhammer stuff and you get to help
someone who really could use it
that's it so just one more time the
links right over here it'll let you
randomly donate to either myself Mike or
two dark elf Elora Trish once you've
donated send an email to support at mini
we're gaining calm with your name and
the amount you've donated and we'll put
you in the random draw and if you donate
now you're in there for all six drawers
if you wait until the end you've got one
shot and there's a whole lot of people
you're competing against that's it just
I really look forward to your support it
means a lot to me and it'll definitely
mean a lot to someone else we don't know
who but that's when the foundations for